Update License (#282)
OCamlPro/alt-ergo: README.md

# Alt-Ergo

Alt-Ergo is an open-source automatic solver of mathematical formulas designed for program verification. It is based on Satisfiability Modulo Theories (SMT). Solvers of this family have made impressive advances and became very popular during the last decade. They are now used is various domains such as hardware design, software verification and formal testing. It was developed at [LRI](https://www.lri.fr/), and is now improved and maintained at [OCamlPro](http://www.ocamlpro.com/), and friendly collaboration is maintained with the Why3 development team.

> You can try Alt-Ergo online [here](https://alt-ergo.ocamlpro.com/try.php). Also see the [Alt-Ergo Users' Club](https://alt-ergo.ocamlpro.com/#club).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can try Alt-Ergo online [here](https://alt-ergo.ocamlpro.com/try.php).
Also see the [Alt-Ergo Users' Club](https://alt-ergo.ocamlpro.com/#club).
```

New line added

## Copyright

> Alt-Ergo is free for non-commercial use (such as Academic) under the [OCamlPro non-commercial licence 1.0](licenses/OCamlPro-Non-Commercial-License.txt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alt-Ergo is freely available for non-commercial uses (such as academic and exploratory trials) under the [OCamlPro non-commercial licence 1.0](licenses/OCamlPro-Non-Commercial-License.txt).
```
